here's what we're gonna do i am going to
call them
and i'm gonna tell them that they are in
and they'll freak out
and then once i've called them you're
gonna call them and you're gonna give
them their first challenge okay
i'm so excited about it yes okay who's
gonna hang up first
well you're ellen so do what you gotta
do okay count to three and hang up
together
okay all right ready one just hung up on
him
in the middle of a sentence it's the
best that is
ellen's new show ellen's next great
designer
it premieres uh thursday on hbo max
that's scott foley
yes he's a great guy really nice guy and
he loves furniture he builds furniture
himself so
he wanted to be a part of this i didn't
know that about him no yeah he's really
good he's very talented
um so yeah so it's a show that i i love
furniture i love design and i'm always
you know wanting to highlight designers
and who's making the next great coffee
table or sofa or chair
or fireplace or whatever and we found
amazing
amazing people and um and they compete
and uh i enjoyed watching i love shows
where the people can do something
you know because a lot of these shows
did people just kind of walk around and
talk to each other and make it i've seen
people
build and make out have you ever built
anything
no i've never built anything never tried
no i i just buy things that are built i
like
it i love design but i've never
i'm not handy like that designee yeah oh
interesting you never thought about
maybe giving it a shot
why i don't know no no
no you also have and this is funny maybe
bad planning
but you have another show premiering on
a documentary
same day on the very same day exactly it
is a film it's a documentary called
endangered it's on discovery plus and uh
so you you can watch both really you
could record one and watch one live
that's true this this happens to be for
all the endangered species not all of
them there's a lot more but
um we focus on uh seven of them and
um i mean the giraffe is now endangered
which is horrible there's
asian songbirds that are endangered
there's like and it's it's
incredible that all these scientists are
traveling around the world and trying to
figure out what we can do and how we can
save
these animals from going extinct that's
a that's one i will watch with my uh
with the children they love watching
yeah because it's uh it's fascinating
and and you you learn
about these animals and what they need
and what we can do to save them
you uh play a game on your show from
time to time
that you brought to us actually and this
is a game that tests
people are often surprised like if i'll
come home from work and there's somebody
at my house they'll say who do you have
on the show tonight i'll go i don't know
i don't remember
yes um right i know it's it's only
people like this
i mean oprah and i have talked about
like you can come home and not know who
was on the show
it sounds so disrespectful to the people
who were on your show
but it's just we do so many shows and
you don't remember i've gone up to
people at parties and
and now i've learned to say good to see
you but i've said nice to meet you and
they're like i was on your show yeah me
too
yep me too it's a real bummer too yeah
horrible it's kind of you know what i do
in that situation
i run
but anyway so what you've uh explained
how the game works exactly well
basically they they started doing it
with me because i
would not remember things that tell me
in meetings and they started playing a
game with me on the show
uh did ellen do this you're about to do
your 3 000th show next yes
right that's a lot of all right
that's a lot of show
all right so should i start with a
question for you sure you start
okay did you jump in a ball pit with
britney spears
that sounds like something i would have
done a long time ago
okay it may sound like something you do
but i'm told you did not do it i did not
do it
nope all right i wouldn't have
remembered it i'm just i was guessing
just to be safe
yeah okay um all right did you interview
a hot dog
did i interview a hot dog sure sounds
like something i would do
but i don't remember it so i'm gonna say
no yes you did it was harrison ford
harrison ford was dressed as a hot dog
halloween 2015.
oh you were princess leia oh now what
are you exactly cause i see you're a hot
dog but you also are
a dog
i'm a dog in a hot dog suit
technically he's a dog in a hot dog soup
all right
did you throw meatballs at the audience
with a supermodel
i don't remember that so now is your
answer i'm saying i don't think i did
okay well uh let's look at the videotape
not a chance heidi made those balls
listen
how would i remember that was like 1956.
how would i remember that all right
um did did katy perry ever jump on your
bed at home
eat yeah yeah she did
oh wait no she didn't no
all right unless there's something you
want to tell us that's right she didn't
no
so many other people did yeah other
people did
yes yes uh did you ride a tandem bike
with steve martin
i don't remember that so no no no but
you did do this with steve martin
i am taking out the king of hearts
and i am placing it
backwards in the deck whoa where'd it go
hold on
i got it all right
you got it all right
oh nice to meet you
i don't remember that all right hit me
with one more all right
did you ever surprise a guest oh my god
did you ever surprise a guest by
showing him or her your penis on air
yeah i did i did i did that to george
clooney and hugh laurie
thank god you remember that yeah
[Applause]
yeah that was not in the script alex was
generous everyone
thursday on hbo max and endangered on
discovery plus
we'll be back with billy joe armstrong
if you like that video
then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below oh oh oh